Add Build dependencies to app setup instructions (#51)
BloopAI/bloop: apps/desktop/README.md

The bloop app is built using [Tauri](https://github.com/tauri-apps/tauri), a Rust framework for building cross-platform apps.

## Dependencies

To build the Tauri app you need the following dependencies:
- `pnpm`
- `rustup`
- `clang` `cmake` `wget`
- `openBLAS`

Linux users need to ensure that the following are present:
- `AppImageKit`
- `atk`
- `dbus`
- `glib` `gtk3` (including `webkit-gtk`)
- `pango`

> - `protobuf`

Reviewer: I think we need `protobuf` always, not just on Linux.

The bloop app is built using [Tauri](https://github.com/tauri-apps/tauri), a Rust framework for building cross-platform apps.

> ## Dependencies
> 
> As we are building Tauri, we need a complete build environment containing at least:
> 
> * AppImageKit
> * atk
> * clang
> * cmake
> * dbus
> * glib
> * gtk3 including webkit-gtk
> * npm (usually in the node package)
> * openBLAS
> * pango
> * pnpm
> * protobuf
> * rustup
> * wget
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Dependencies

To build the Tauri app you need the following dependencies:
- `pnpm`
- `rustup`
- `clang` `cmake` `wget`
- `openBLAS`

Linux users need to ensure that the following are present:
- `AppImageKit`
- `atk`
- `dbus`
- `glib` `gtk3` (including `webkit-gtk`)
- `pango`
- `protobuf`
 
```

Alternatively, to run the app in dev mode:
```
npm run start-app
```

> If the build should fail, please delete all `node_modules` directories you may find and try again. `npm` is sometimes obtuse with caches.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the build fails, delete all `node_modules` directories and try again.
```
